Score 1 (1 & 1)
I think computers are good because you can talk to your friends and family on the computers. People needs computers to look for a job. Some people spend to much time on the computers then on homework people need to stop.

Score 3 (3 & 3)
The effect of people using computers isn't anything bad couse you learn a lot from it. In some ways when you use the computer and you type, the typing exercises your fingers. Your fingers will get muscle and will teach you to remember where to type without looking down on the keyboard. People sometimes using computer is good because if your writing letters you don't have to use pencil you can just type it and print. The typing does all the work for you so you won't spend hours writing to someone. Computers are helpful to people for example, ir your researching about @CAPS1 or @LOCATION1 you can find almost all the information on the computer in a instant click. Computers save time and does a lot of work. Computers are helpful piece of technology and one of the best.

Score 5.5 (5 & 6)
Have you ever had the time completely fly by while you're on the computer? You go on at @TIME1pm and all of a sudden it's seven at night. People should spend less time on the computer because they should be outside, it takes away time with your family, and there are other ways to look up information. You should be outside, enjoying the fresh air and playing sports, not stuck inside all day with your eyes glued to a screen. When you're on the computer all day, you're just sitting there. You're not moving around at all. Seventy-two percent of kids who spend all their time on the computer are over weight. Being on the computer on a beautiful is like blocking out the birds' songs on the first day of @DATE1. Nature is amazing, and you should be outside enjoying it, not cooped up in a stuffy room leaning over a man-made machine. People should spend a lot less time on their computer. When you're on the computer, time really flies by. You lose your whole day to it, and wouldn't you rather be doing something more fun? You can be alone on the computer in a dark room. You should be with your family and and friends. Computers are going to be around for a long time, and when they die down it will only be because something better came along. Your baby brother won't be a baby forever and your grandparents might not even be there tomorrow. Don't you want to spend as much time as you can with them? You're changing too, so you @MONTH1 be off to college or have to move far away for buissness. "They grow up so fast. They're adults in a blink of an eye." my grandma said to my mom. Almost @PERCENT1 of parents feel that same way. So, don't spend all your time alone with a machine, be with your loving family and chairish each moment. People should spend less time on the computer because there are other ways to look up information and learn about new places. There are so many books in the world, about any topic you can imagine. Using books to look up information is better than typing in the word into google because it's important to learn how to use an index and find the book on the shelf. A trip to the library @MONTH1 not be your cup of sunshine, so if you want to learn about a place, why don't you go to that place? If you're doing a report on @LOCATION2 for school it would be a lot of fun to go to @LOCATION2 for a few days to learn about it. And you can take pictures with your own camera, not just a picture you found online. It would be a really fun family trip. Even if you're doing your report on a place as boring as @LOCATION1, you could still probably have a lot of fun, hanging out with your family together. In conclusion, people should spend less time on the computer and more time being outside, with family, and at really fun places. Why would you want to stare at a screen all day when you could be having this much fun?